# Name: Custom
# Author: NixiePro <nixiepro@openmailbox.org>
# Modified: fnogcps <contato.fnog@gmail.com>

# Menu
menu.title.bg:                                Flat Solid
menu.title.bg.color:                          #171717
menu.title.text.color:                        #0ac69b
menu.title.text.justify:                      Center
menu.border.width:                            10
menu.border.color:                            #1f1f1f
menu.overlap.x:                               -14
menu.overlap.y:                               0
menu.items.bg:                                Flat Solid
menu.items.bg.color:                          #1f1f1f
menu.items.text.color:                        #a3b1b5
menu.items.justify:                           left
menu.items.disabled.text.color:               #535c5c
menu.items.active.bg:                         Flat Solid
menu.items.active.bg.color:                   #1f1f1f
menu.items.active.text.color:                 #7f898c
menu.separator.width:                         1
menu.separator.padding.width:                 4
menu.separator.padding.height:                4
menu.separator.color:                         #1f1f1f

# Active window
window.active.border.color:                   #484848
window.active.title.bg:                       Flat Solid
window.active.title.bg.color:                 #2d2d2d
window.active.title.separator.color:          #2d2d2d
window.active.text.justify:                   left
window.active.label.bg:                       ParentRelative
window.active.label.text.color:               #888888
window.active.handle.bg:                      Flat Solid
window.active.handle.bg.color:                #2d2d2d
window.active.grip.bg:                        Flat Solid
window.active.grip.bg.color:                  #2d2d2d
window.active.button.unpressed.bg:            Flat Solid
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color:      #2d2d2d
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color:   #6d715e
window.active.button.pressed.bg:              Flat Solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color:        #2d2d2d
window.active.button.pressed.image.color:     #2274af
window.active.button.disabled.bg:             Flat Solid
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color:       #2d2d2d
window.active.button.disabled.image.color:    #535c5c

# Inactive window
window.inactive.border.color:                 #393939
window.inactive.title.bg:                     Flat Solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color:               #2d2d2d
window.inactive.title.separator.color:        #2d2d2d
window.inactive.text.justify:                 left
window.inactive.label.bg:                     ParentRelative
window.inactive.label.text.color:             #888888
window.inactive.handle.bg:                    Flat Solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color:              #2d2d2d
window.inactive.grip.bg:                      Flat Solid
window.inactive.grip.bg.color:                #2d2d2d
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg:          Flat Solid
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color:    #2d2d2d
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #6d715e
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg:            Flat Solid
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color:      #2d2d2d
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color:   #2274AF
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg:           Flat Solid
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color:     #2d2d2d
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color:  #535C5C

# On-Screen Display
osd.border.width:                             1
osd.border.color:                             #484848
osd.bg:                                       Flat Solid
osd.bg.color:                                 #2d2d2d
osd.label.bg:                                 Flat Solid
osd.label.bg.color:                           #2d2d2d
osd.label.text.color:                         #888888
osd.hilight.bg:                               Flat Solid
osd.hilight.bg.color:                         #2274af
osd.unhilight.bg:                             Flat Solid
osd.unhilight.bg.color:                       #2d2d2d
osd.button.unpressed.bg:                      Flat Border
osd.button.unpressed.bg.color:                #303030
osd.button.unpressed.*.border.color:          #242424
osd.button.pressed.bg:                        Flat Border
osd.button.pressed.bg.color:                  #2a2a2a
osd.button.pressed.*.border.color:            #242424
osd.button.focused.bg:                        Flat Solid Border
osd.button.focused.bg.color:                  #303030
osd.button.focused.*.border.color:            #1e1e1e
osd.button.focused.box.color:                 #c0b18b

# Fonts
window.active.label.text.font:shadow=n
window.inactive.label.text.font:shadow=n
menu.items.font:shadow=n
menu.title.text.font:shadow=n

# Everything else
border.width:                 1
padding.width:                8
padding.height:               4
window.handle.width:          0
window.client.padding.width:  0
window.label.text.justify:    left
